hello everyone I am and everyone knows me
but those who do not know me I'm super
creepy total good let's start the video
but first I have two guests
specials greet aa lucas hello wheels
I am lucas it is a pleasure to accompany the
crepe and total for your glasses and also
I will make some videos with sonic xd xd and
steve hello eggs -I'm steve and I
you know everybody knows me I'm the
most famous of video games I'm not going to
say nothing I do not know why I'm here I
long goodbye chau peace left us but
that son of a bitch is quiet no
matter that he goes to hell
he resorted good let's start mario super
mario bros is possibly the mascot of
most beloved video games in the world to
least is among the most popular and that
is a reef that the film industry does not
has been able to assess to date the
movie will be the first of drawings
animated based on the character of
most popular video game yes that's true
that in 1993 a feature film was made
about the most popular plumber
videogames but there has never been a
cartoon animation movie
animated based on the popular character
which is what many would expect without
it seems that will not be long
arrive and interestingly it will be sony pictures
from the same house as the manufacturer of the
playstation 4 the production company in charge of
make the film about the mascot of his
archirrival in the world of consoles
the also japanese nintendo this is
rather curious there is no
official confirmation but thanks to
computer security attack to great
scale that sony suffered a few weeks ago
are coming to light in addition to
Committed mails movies without
brand new although they have been filtered and everything
type of documents with information
sensitive details of some of the
projects that the company prepares for
the next months as a result of the
attack have leaked information that
they point out that there would be even a producer
for the new tape will be there and the boss
of study by sony will be to me
pascal have come to light emails
sent between them that
they talk about the project
I am the proud father of the movie
animated of mario recognized would do in one
of them
the project would phase
preproduction so you do not know
long will it take to materialize or
When will the tape reach the cinemas?
even roughly
well that was all I know that a little short
the information but it is all that
I found what I like and subscribe to
another thing I'm thinking about opening a channel
of only gameplays games comments if
you want me to do the channel goodbye